Remember not to reveal yourself
Don't cause trouble.
Just two words.
Low profile
I am a gang leader of a demon sect.
It's interesting to think about it.
Today is your first lesson in the Devil's Sect.
Be a good person.
Have a heart to give
Only understand dedication
To get the invasion of the cult leader.
The Law of Immortality
Do you know what dedication is?
I know how to give good things to others.
Giving is good or bad.
All must contribute to others.
Moreover, in our demonic religion, the contribution is valuable.
The higher the value of the contribution
Your position in the Demonic Cult is higher.
You give, others will give to you.
So how to get value for money?
This is simple.
Just give me all you like.
You can get value for your contribution.
Remember, just give a little love seriously
The world will be a better place.
If everyone gave a little love